✏️ Update `reactjs.org` documentation link (#803)
carloscuesta/react-native-error-boundary: README.md

[![Npm Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-native-error-boundary.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-error-boundary)
[![Npm Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/react-native-error-boundary.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-error-boundary)

> > A simple and reusable React-Native [error boundary](https://react.dev/reference/react/useTransition#displaying-an-error-to-users-with-error-boundary) component 🐛

Reviewer: Hey! The link you pasted refers to canary and beta APIs so better to stick with this one for now:

```suggestion
> A simple and reusable React-Native [error boundary](https://react.dev/reference/react/Component#catching-rendering-errors-with-an-error-boundary) component 🐛
```
